README.md, before:

# 18 | NoSQL | social-network-api
![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)

## Description
An API for a social network web application where users can share their thoughts, react to friends’ thoughts, and create a friend list.

## Table of Contents
- [User Story](#user-story)
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Media](#media)
- [License](#license)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [Questions](#questions)
- [Credits](#credits)

## User Story
```
AS A social media startup
I WANT an API for my social network that uses a NoSQL database
SO THAT my website can handle large amounts of unstructured data
```

## Installation

## Media

## License
This application is licensed under the MIT license. Please click on the link below to learn more.

https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT

## Contributing

Pull requests are welcome. For major changes, please open an issue first to discuss what you would like to change.

## Questions

Please direct any questions about this project to olivelliott48@gmail.com. If you would like to see more projects, visit the GitHub link below.

https://www.github.com/olivelliott

Commit message:

Update README with walkthrough links

README.md, after:

# 18 | NoSQL | social-network-api
![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)

## Description
An API for a social network web application where users can share their thoughts, react to friends’ thoughts, and create a friend list.

## Table of Contents
- [User Story](#user-story)
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Media](#media)
- [License](#license)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [Questions](#questions)

## User Story
```
AS A social media startup
I WANT an API for my social network that uses a NoSQL database
SO THAT my website can handle large amounts of unstructured data
```

## Installation

Please fork this repository over to your local system. Then follow these steps below to initialize the npm modules and necessary seeds for the database.

1. Open your command line and ensure that you are in the root of this repository. Then type in the following prompts in this order:

- `npm install`
- `npm start`

## Media

* [Initial Setup Walkthrough Video](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1R1afjH6vF5beWK88GP2D3jjugxziEtpW/view)
* [Testing User Routes](https://drive.google.com/file/d/11mRO276wqpG6EmoKg3N1tciB2SQUHHZx/view)
* [Testing Friend Routes](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1X8HkCE0FcdlYbnqswrQ3WAz27RbxR-HG/view)
* [Testing Thought Routes](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1DATFbTBWDpWBDvWLcHNj6PKKI5102O-J/view)
* [Testing Reaction Routes](https://drive.google.com/file/d/17qszR2d12jJtz0Cdl6OlsVJV3tb02-NU/view)

## License
This application is licensed under the MIT license. Please click on the link below to learn more.

https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT

## Contributing

Pull requests are welcome. For major changes, please open an issue first to discuss what you would like to change.

## Questions

Please direct any questions about this project to olivelliott48@gmail.com. If you would like to see more projects, visit the GitHub link below.

https://www.github.com/olivelliott
